[WIP] Document ConfigureDbContext (#5118)
dotnet/EntityFramework.Docs: entity-framework/core/what-is-new/ef-core-8.0/breaking-changes.md

#### Old behavior

Previously, when multiple calls to `AddDbContext`, `AddDbContextPool`, `AddDbContextFactory` or `AddPooledDbContextFactory` were made with the same context type but conflicting configuration, the first one won.

For example:

```csharp
services.AddDbContext<BlogContext>(options => options.UseSqlServer(connectionString1));
services.AddDbContext<BlogContext>(options => options.UseSqlite(connectionString2)); // This was ignored

// The context would use SQL Server (connectionString1)
```

#### New behavior

Starting with EF Core 8.0, the configuration from the last call will take precedence.

Using the same example:

```csharp
services.AddDbContext<BlogContext>(options => options.UseSqlServer(connectionString1)); // This is now ignored
services.AddDbContext<BlogContext>(options => options.UseSqlite(connectionString2));

// The context will now use SQLite (connectionString2)
```

#### Why

> This was changed to provide consistent configuration behavior and support scenarios where multiple components need to configure the same `DbContext` type, with later configuration taking precedence over earlier ones.

Reviewer: @copilot 

```suggestion
This was changed to be consistent with the new method `ConfigureDbContext`, that enables configuration composability for non-conflicting configurations.
```

Reviewer: @copilot Also add a link on ConfigureDbContext to the new section documenting it.

#### Mitigations

> Reverse the order of `Add*` calls if you were depending on the previous behavior.

Reviewer: @copilot 
```suggestion
If your application depends on the previous behavior where the first registration wins, you have several options:

1. **Reorder your registrations**: Place the registration with the configuration you want to use last:

   ```csharp
   services.AddDbContext<MyContext>(options => 
       options.UseSqlServer("connection1")); // This will be ignored now
   
   services.AddDbContext<MyContext>(options => 
       options.UseSqlServer("connection2")); // This will be used
   ```

2. **Remove previous registrations**: If possible, remove the conflicting registration.

3. **Use conditional registration**: Check if the service is already registered before adding:

   ```csharp
   if (!services.Any(d => d.ServiceType == typeof(DbContextOptions<MyContext>)))
   {
       services.AddDbContext<MyContext>(options => 
           options.UseSqlServer("connection"));
   }
   ```

4. **Use the new `ConfigureDbContext` method**: This allows you to configure options without registering the context itself:

   ```csharp
   services.ConfigureDbContext<MyContext>(options => 
       options.UseSqlServer("connection"));
   
   services.AddDbContext<MyContext>(); // Register the context without configuration
   ```
```
